feat(DEV-373):  [Cascara] - Columns component mvp (#305)
Espressive/cascara: packages/cascara/src/ui/Columns/Columns.mdx

---
title: Columns
propTable: Columns.js
---

```jsx
---

> title: An example use of Columns with default props (2 columns)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: An example use of Columns with automatic columns based on width, which will change depending on the width of the Columns container.
```
